Stevie just read in this room are so and
also got sell it tomorrow and they're
still undefeated in league but lost our
Dean cups so does that sort of give us
confidence or makes a bit worried that
they might want payback you know I Hank
you know you're gonna get for sale like
it's gonna be a tough game and obviously
even hard that would be in a cell like
part but yeah you know we've beat them
there before as a team in the hope so
you know there's no knees and why we
can't yeah you don't try to do so and be
confident the game and the fans
obviously tons of such fans it's at a
park does that make it a bit easier for
you to have that sort of atmosphere or
they difficult a little gin for Celtic
now you know you want to play in front
of a spare clothes you can every week
you know so the more the finds a pet on
you know I know it's to be expected
there's going to be you know cheering
for them but you know you can get a good
start l you know like a ton but they're
now it's just so good you know spectacle
and Jane open itself Parker's one that
everyone looks forward to play and we
obviously got drawn reef rovers in a
couple way also it'd be a difficult time
yank you know I respect to all teams
there was jaws you draw half an oz but
yeah it was a lot wash drawers we could
have got a socially still gonna be a
very tough yeah tire we arethe you know
especially they be confident looking at
and they'll probably be happy with it as
well so yeah it'll be a hard fought game
but again you know we'd expect you know
go through and but we know it's going to
be a very hard task and a 44 game josé
Michael Heron got a goal and Cristobal
uma came on as well the new boys live so
I've come in and striking partners how
much you looking forward to play with
them yeah you know it's obviously good
to work in a different shape that when I
class as well in all three yeah i'm
going to you know change our game of her
better for when a different email maybe
you know wheat any of threats oh yeah
he's easily loud and you know you will
go through that you know what hey
and you'll mix things up and you're
welcome I'm pleased for him getting us
going on it was a first gonna you know
Jim he started so I like it well and I
Steven claims back in late train this
week so if he'll be coming back at the
end of the month you you to link up was
really good at started season he's
looking forward to rekindling that ya
know Marcos I was a big boy off a nice
and unfortunately when Jenna came you
know a bad time as well which you know
left us can assure up front but know who
was good to see him back and with the
boys can I be dinner with us and in the
wall up and that so yeah so it's good to
have him back in was and obviously every
injury list but when a player does come
back to sort lift a team even if they're
back at late train hey Lois is a
obviously when I won't tell injuries to
go away we kind of seen them obviously
well rested up because there's no much
you can do it CD essentially engineers
at the start at so yeah it's good tough
on back you know he's a good man and
he's a good speller and the club's was
good tough on back then and it's being
Crisler quickly about Chris Kane who's
online dumbarton at the moment much same
way you're sort of on loan and how much
she seen him and also play areas you
know Keane was just I'm sure he's not
technically the most air unbelievable
you see but you know in terms of scoring
goals you know he's just good as anyone
you see in the end that there is a
strike at us that's the main thing you
know any work as hard as anyone if not
harder on the patch as well which is up
as I beg you know a big plus and he's
gone out alone now you went on loan
earlier how much does the loan system
help compared to playing sort of the
under-20 league yeah therefore I think
playing that Faustian level regardless
air or air well as well as thought
saying faster yes behind us we need you
turn to improve you know you can see we
can all the change already you know
evening train that he looks a lot more
you know confident and you know oh
Gordon you know it's good to see
especially been doing well and see your
touch this season thank you sir pasture
twinkle target that was set for you how
was so restrooms yeah I'm just kind of
looking
enough to get a few more air probably
helps out every be my next target thank
you but i canna wait for i do know is no
reason you know I'm happy where
I am now i'm here i'm i'm looking at
school my boss yeah good for him ok and
go back to start game has been moved
from Saturday to Sunday how does the
sunday match sort of affect your routine
in which do you prefer i think obviously
beside the games is kind of what are you
stand you probably fell out but where we
don t be in that you know i could just
stay just can I say at severn back one
day you know so instead of been like
today will attend yesterday was a fair I
get my stuff yes there was the first
instead of riding low but I yeah it
doesn't affect your penetration too much
you know you stole work to the key and
use my favor that's great that's all
five Stevie oh thank you